---
title: "One: How They Met"
---
As the investigators answer a summons they look back upon their first adventure together and their first encounter with forbidden knowledge. 

* January 1925, New York City.  The heroes make their way to room 410 of the Hotel Chelsea reflecting on how they met. 
* Lima Peru, April 1921. The heroes have independently answered an ad to join an expedition into the Peruvian highlands to discover a lost pyramid.  At the hotel Cordova,  they meet Jesse Hughes, a folklorist, their employer Augustus Larkin, and his associate, Luis de Mendoza. 
* Larkin, who appears ill, leaves early with Mendoza. Jesse reveals his name is Jackson Elias, author and journalist. His area of expertise is death cults.  
* Jackson shares a local belief of white-skinned vampires called Kharisari who drain victims of their fat. Jackon believes this is a myth with roots in a real cult, which he thinks Larkin and Mendoza may be involved with. 
* Jackson has been searching for the cult and pyramid, and has infiltrated Larkins efforts. 
* The following day John and Ed shop for supplies, Analise goes to church, and Hank, Jackson and Charlotte visit Professor Sanchez, an archeologist contact of Jacksons at the university. Sanchez believes he has found valuable information in the archives.
* Prof. Sanchez’s assistant Trindidad is late in joining them, prompting Hank and Charlotte to seek her out. In the archives they discover Mendoza sucking the last bits of fat from Trinidad, his mouth transformed into a hideous disc ringed with teeth...
