---
title: "Four: Onward to Puno"
---

Jon retakes the golden ward and it's purpose is revealed, Charlotte finds a forbidden tome, and Aanlise gets them to Puno, where a friend of Jacksons is in hiding. 

* Charlotte views the mirror: a dark figure demands from her a promise. She accepts. 
* Analise reads Trinidad's annotations and learns that the golden rod is part of a protective ward; the conquistadors broke the ward looting the temple, thus creating the Kharisari curse. To end the curse, they must put the ward back in place. 
* Charlotte studies the strange journal in the box and realizes it possesses power and forbidden magic. She begins her studies. 
* At Hotel Espana Jon deflects the police. Checking Mendoza’s room, he learns the man had returned for his missing mirror but is again vanished. 
* Jon finds Larkin in a drug induced stupor. He deftly swipes the golden rod. 
* Jackson suggests they go without Larkin but the group decides they will work with him. They burn the maggot with the golden rod Jon retrieved.
* The following day they enjoy the sights and sounds of Lima. Larkin joins them for dinner and asks if any of them have seen the rod, but they feign ignorance. 
* On Monday Analise begins the drive to Puno, which takes 4 days all told. 
* Arriving in Puno, Jackson and the group set out to find Jackson's friend Narya, a wise-woman he was working with to find the temple when he first encountered Larkin. 
* At her house they find a mysterious man lurking about; as soon as he spots Jackson he reveals himself to be a Kharisari. They easily slay him and sever his head, causing true death. The melee draws attention and horror and they flee the scene. 
* Jackson finds another friend of his and they set out on a boat to a man-made floating island. On the island, Narya awaits… 
